The Karate Kid remake hits us hard with
its official trailer hi everyone you're
back at clever TV and I'm Dana Ward with
the Trailer recap for the Karate Kid a
lot of people in the industry we're
speaking not too highly about the famous
remake that is until the trailer got
released it stars Jackie Chan and Jaden
Smith doing what they do
if you have no clue what the Karate Kid
is about one you must watch the original
movie and to listen closely for details
on the remake as the trailer shows an
American kid moves with his mom to China
and quickly feels like an outsider with
the other kids and apparently the only
way to stop them is to face them check
it out I feel like we're on a quest to
start a new life welcome to Beijing look
at that Dre Beverly Hills we always
talked about living there now I think
we're talking about the other one mom
I just want to go home this is home the
only way to stop it is to face them I
will teach you nice
to come you check it check it down pull
it up take it off
like Star Wars you're Yoda and I'm like
a Jedi that's nasty
according to the movie studio Sony it's
been testing the action movie an
apparently audiences thus far have
really liked it
earning a very impressive ninety seven
percent approval rate now the only other
movie to earn a higher rate is hich the
movie starring pop star Will Smith The
Karate Kid kicks it into theaters on
June 11th will you be there tweet us at
clever TV karate kids smash if you think
it will open strong or Karate Kid crash
if it just won't live up to the original
flick reputation I'm Dana Ward and
Beverly Hills thanks for watching